Chapter 02 - Assignment - Igniting our App

Q. What is `NPM`?

Ans. NPM is a package manager for all the modules and packages. It is used to install packages.
npm includes a CLI (Command Line Client) that can be used to download and install software:
npm install <package>

Q. What is `Parcel/Webpack`? Why do we need it?
Ans. Parcel. js is an open-source bundler.
     Zero configuration code splitting using dynamic import() statements.
  It is a develpoment tool that combines our code files into one single minified file, that is used in production.
  
Q. What is `.parcel-cache`
Ans. The parcel-cache folder stores information about the project when parcel builds it, so that when it rebuilds, it doesn't have to re-parse and re-analyze everything from scratch. It is the main reason why parcel can be so fast in development mode. Don't commit parcel.cache folder in git.
  
Q. What is `npx` ?
Ans. NPX is a tool to execute node.js packages.it executes npm package without intalling it.
  One great way for to see how quickly NPX works is to create a react app using:
  npx create-react-app my-app

Q. What is difference between `dependencies` vs `devDependencies`
Ans. dependencies are the packages required by our application in production.
     devDependencies are modules which are only required during development.
     To save a dependency as a devDependency on installation we need to do an npm install --save-dev, instead of just an npm install --save.

Q. What is Tree Shaking?
Ans. In production builds, Parcel statically analyzes the imports and exports of each module, and removes everything that isn't used. This is called "tree shaking" or      dead code elimination. Tree-shaking is removing the unwanted code. It is one of the features of parcel.
 
Q. What is Hot Module Replacement?
Ans.  By default, Parcel fully reloads the page, but in some cases it may perform Hot Module Replacement (HMR). HMR improves the development experience by updating           modules in the browser at runtime without needing a whole page refresh.
      CSS changes are automatically applied via HMR with no page reload necessary.\
 
Q. List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your own words.
Ans. HMR (Hot Module Replacement)
     FWA (File Watcher Algorithm)
     Bundling -> Parcel automatically produces a <script type="module">
                 This reduces bundle sizes for a majority of users by avoiding transpilation of features like classes, async/await, and more.
     Minify -> Parcel includes minifiers for JavaScript, CSS, HTML, and SVG out of the box. Minification reduces the file size of your output bundles by removing                  whitespace, renaming variables to shorter names, and many other optimizations.
     Cleaning our Code
     Dev and Production Build
     Super fast Build Algorithm
     Image Optimization -> Parcel supports resizing, converting, and optimizing images. Query parameters can be used when referencing an image in HTML, CSS, or                                JavaScript to specify which format and size the image should be converted to.
     Caching while development
     Compression
     Compatible with older version of browser
     HTTPS on dev
 
 Q.  What is `.gitignore`? What should we add and not add into it?
 Ans. The .gitignore file tells Git which files to ignore when committing our project to the Git Repo.  
      Everything which can be regenrated on server again should be in .gitignore. For ex- node_modules, .parcel-cache,dist.
      
      File pushed to git:
      source code files
      package.json
      package-lock.json
 
 Q. What is the difference between `package.json` and `package-lock.json`?
 Ans. package.json is a versioning file used to install multiple packages in the project. It records important metadata about the project.
      package.lock.json is created for locking the dependency with the installed version. It will install the exact latest version of that package in your                 application and save it in package.json. The version in package-lock.json file is the exact version we are using in our project.
 
Q. Why should I not modify `package-lock.json`?
Ans. package-lock.json should never be modified, because package-lock.json is the only file which keep track of the exact versioning
     of the packages that are been used in our project, altering the meta data may causes inconsistacies over the different enviroments.
 
Q. What is `node_modules` ? Is it a good idea to push that on git?
Ans. node_modules is a folder created by npm where the dependencies and modules that are used in the project are present.
     The size of node_modules folder is very big and it should not be pushed to git.

Q.  What is Dist Folder?
Ans. Dist is a folder that contains the minified and optimised files that is used for production and is generated by Parcel.

Q. What is Browserlist?
Ans. Browserlist is a tool which is used to specify which browser should be supported by our frontend application with the help
     of some queries in a config file.
